Title: MediDB

Description:
	This project is intended to model and implement the Admit/Discharge/Transfer 
	functions of a medical database. We will create an Entity Relationship 
	Diagram of the necessary entities and then implement a database that can 
	store those entities correctly.  If possible, we will also implement a small 
	Database Management System in the form of a transaction processor that can 
	process delimited strings of data and store them in this database as well.
	
	Medical Databases must track the admission of all patients, as well as their 
	location within the hospital, and their eventual discharge.  Each patient will
	have their information stored in the database.  Each admission will start a 
	new visit which will have an admit date, time and admitting employee.  During 
	that visit, The patient can only have one location, though that location can 
	change any number of times.  There is no need to keep track of the room change
	history.  At the end of their visit they will be discharged, and the visit 
	will be updated with a discharge date, time, and discharging employee.

	In order to do this, our database must maintain a list of hospitals, a list of
	locations within each hospital, and a list of employees and which hospitals 
	they work at. It must be able to maintain a list of patients, and a list of 
	visits for those patients.  Each hospital must have a name, physical address, 
	mailing address, billing address, billing phone number, patient care phone 
	number, and human resources phone number.  Each Location within	a hospital 
	must have a name, and optionally may include a ward (or location group) 
	identifier.  Each Employee must have a name, a mailing address, a contact 
	phone number, and optionally may have a title, hourly wage, salary, and 
	regular hours.  Each patient must have a name, a Date of Birth, a sex, a 
	height and weight, and optionally an ethnicity, mailing address, and contact 
	phone number.  Each visit must have a patient, admit date and time and 
	employee, location, and discharge time and date and employee.

	The Database will be implemeted via MySQL
	Any DBMS we implement will be written in C#

Team Members:
	Cole Risch
	Brunno R Putnam